What is three plus four?
Twenty nine divided by three
Calculate half of one hundred and seventy six.
Calculate three times sixteen.
What is four into nine?
What is five multiplied by seven?
Two thousand six hundred and three divided by three.
What is the answer when four is multiplied by sixty-two?
Find eighteen times fifty four.
Calculate forty two times eighteen thousand.
Compute one thousand three hundred and sixteen plus three hundred and forty two, the whole divided by seven.
Compute one million three hundred and forty one times two.
What is six hundred and eleven divided by thirteen?
Find six minus ten.
What is two hundred subtracted from eleven thousand?
Tell me the answer to: nine hundred and four plus thirty six minus two sixty nine.
Seventy-nine minus thirty eight.
Eight into nineteen.
What is the square of four?
What is the square root of ninety nine?
What is the cube root of three hundred and forty nine?
Can you tell me the answer two three times seventy-five?
What is eleven into thirty eight?
Calculate nine times forty seven.
What is thirty three times eighteen?
Ninety-four added to one lakh thirty three thousand two hundred and six point five.
Twelve point five into seventeen point three seven, quick.
What is the answer when three apples are taken out of a box of seventeen apples?
If I had thirty nine apples, and now I have twenty-eight, how may have I sold?
I want thirty chocolates, and I have ten ruppees. Can I afford the one that costs Rs.2.5 apiece?
If I have six ruppees in my left hand and four hundred ruppees in my right, how much money do I possess?
My pant pocket has three coins. My shirt pocket has seven. There are six lying on the table in the hall. How many coins have I?
How many decades make a century?
What is one third of forty five?
What is a quarter of a hundred?
There is three quarters of a pie left in the fridge. How much did we eat today?
If I have three pounds of sugar and two pounds of cocoa powder, what is the combined weight of my inventory?
Four ounces of sugar plus three ounces of tea. How heavy will my cup be?
My dog has four legs. My cat has four legs. A human has two legs. If the maid is feeding the dog and cat and my mother and I are in the hall, how many legs are in the house?
What is forty raised to the power of six?
Seventy raised to eight.
What is nine hundred minus twenty three?
Forty two minus eleven?
Two hundred minus twelve?
What is the log of two hundred and thirteen to the base two?
Calculate sixty four thousand and six plus two thirty nine minus four hundred and eleven
The black hen laid three eggs. The brown hen laid six. The cat ate two eggs and one fell to the floor. How many eggs were used in the cake?
What is the answer to fifty six hundred minus five times two.
Calculate sixty eight times eight raised to the power of two.
The square of eleven plus thirteen
What is eighteen divide by thirteen?
What is fort seven by forty?
What is eighteen by nine?
Find forty nine divide by seven.
Calculate thirty six by four.
Answer six raised to ten.
What is the square root of forty five?
How many is forty times forty one?
What is seventy nine plus eighty?
What is eighty eight plus ninety nine plus a hundred and one?
If four birds sit on the tree, and one is female, how many are male birds?
Can you find the answer to thirty three by three?
What is one hundred divided by ten.
Find the quotient after dividing sixty by twelve
What is the remainder left if you divide a hundred and eight by seven?
What is one sixty seven added to fourteen?
What is one hundred subtracted from three hundred subtracted from three thousand?
What is ninety nine subtracted from three hundred and twenty?
Find eighty by two.
Find one-eighth of a dozen.
