What do you think you were in a past life?
Why are we here?
Everything we do is just a distraction from inevitable death.
What is our purpose on this planet?
What do you love doing that you aren't doing?
What is the meaning of life?
How do we measure life?
How can we have healthy relationships?
What happens to us after we die?
Do you believe in God?
Are we in control of our lives?
Do you believe in destiny?
Is there life after death?
Who am I?
Who are we, really?
What happens when we die?
What is death?
What is my greater purpose? How should I live my life?
In a world of moral ambiguity, a world of "gray" areas instead of moral black and whites, good vs. evil etc., how do I make moral choices?
Do you believe in destiny?
Do you believe in reincarnation?
Why does God let bad things happen?
Why do people have such blind faith in their religious beliefs?
Why is there so much suffering in the world?
Why are we cruel to our own kind?
How do I know if I'm doing the right thing?
Is the greater good truly good?
Why are we so gullible to emotionally manipulative advertising campaigns?
What is your deepest, darkest fear?
Where were we before we were born?
Where does our conscience come from?
If we can only know the universe through our five senses just how much of reality are we completely, hopelessly oblivious of?
Like what if Earth is really some complex alien Life form that we dont fully understand and we have just classified it as some lifeless rock that we live on?
Is everything I perceive just a figment of my imagination?
Am I a mere puppet, whose life is subject to the whim and fancy of powerful corporate overlords who pull the strings and run the planet?
Does nothingness truly exist?
Would you rather die someday or live forever?
What existed before things existed?
Why does Donald Duck wear a shirt, but no underwear?
Are we truly intelligent?
Is free will real
Is this the real life, or is this just fantasy?
With what shall you prove your existence?
Is this wage really all that time from my short life is worth?
