What is the mass of the Earth?
What is the height of Mt. Everest?
Can you tell me what the geographical co-ordinates of the Eiffel Tower are?
Who is the heaviest person in the world?
What is the distance of the Earth from the sun?
How long is one year on the planet Jupiter?
Do dogs see in black and white?
Where can I encounter hailstorms in India?
What does one carry in the rain?
Sandstorms prevail in which parts of the world?
How many planets are in our Solar System?
What is the scientific name for an orange(the fruit)?
What is the scientific name of an orangutan?
How is the average of height of a Caucasian female?
What is the oldest civilization known to man?
What did the Brontosaurus eat?
What is the colour of Green Anaconda eggs?
How long is the gestation period of a blue whale?
How many teeth does a hammerhead shark have?
To what genus of the animal kingdom do platypuses belong?
Is the plural form of platypus platypi or platypuses?
What is the depth of the deepest place on the Earth.
Where did coffee originate?
When was the wheel invented?
Who invented the refrigerator?
What is the hex code for the colour cyan in html?
What is the range of hearing of a tortoise?
Do snakes sleep?
What is the colour of mud on the moon?
List the ingredients of borscht.
Who was the director of the movie Titanic?
Tell me the name of the first man to land on the moon?
What country sent the first Rocket into space?
What happened to Laika, the dog the Russians sent to space?
When was Elon Musk born?
When did Nelson Mandela die?
What makes the sky blue?
How far back does the earliest proof of the existence of the cockroach date to?
How many stars are there in the sky?
When was the first McDonald's set up?
When was the name Lakme coined?
Where does the raffleasia smell like rotting flesh?
Who won the war in Vietnam?
When did the second World War end?
When was the Declaration of Independence Signed?
Where was Arnab Goswami born?
What is the tagline of Walmart?
After whom was bluetooth technology named?
How high can helium balloons go?
How high is the tallest tree in the world?
How many species of mammals have opposable thumbs?
Who founded Snapchat?
How did Vincent Van Gogh die?
What is the most expensive artwork in the world?
Who originally wrote the song Stairway to Heaven?
Who were Freddie Mercury's parents?
How old is Anna Hazare?
How was rabies treated in the middle ages?
Who wrote the book Ship of Fools?
Are there camels in Australia?
Why is hippo milk pink?
Why is octopus anatomy so absurd?
How did Regulus Black die?
When was the bible written?
Where was the Battle of Waterloo fought?
What was Napolean Bonaparte's height?
Who was the last Mughal emperor?
Who was the first emperor of the Mauryan empire?
When did Jammu and Kashmir stop being a princely state?
How is indigo harvested?
