How many kilos make a pound?
How many pints in a gallon
How many milliliters in a pint
How many milligrams are there in a kilogram
How many liters make a kiloliter
How many joules make a volt
How many kilowatts make one horsepower?
How many grams in a kilogram
Euro to dollars
three Kilograms to pounds
Three feet is how many yards?
How many kilometres in a mile?
How many yards in a mile
How many feet is a yard
How many inches make a meter
Meters to feet
How many miles make a light year
How many kilometers make a light year
Convert ninety three Fahrenheit to Celsius
Convert forty eight acres to square feet
Convert thirty seven litres to cubic feet
How many kilograms will make one metric tonne
How many grams is twelve ounces?
How many kilograms is one ton?
Convert two hundred and thirty seven Kelvin into Fahrenheit.
In units of pressure, how many kilopascals is one bar?
Convert four thousand gallons into kiloliters.
Convert four hundred miles to feet.
How many millimeters in one inch?
Convert fourteen square yards into square feet.
Convert fourteen square feet into square meters.
Convert nine hundred and thirty four square meters into acres.
How many meters is ninety fathoms?
How many kilometers make one nautical mile?
Convert thirty pints to quarts.
Liters to gallons conversion factor.
Convert eighty knots to miles per hour.
Convert twenty miles per hour to kilometers per hour.
Convert one hundred and sixty pascal to torr.
How many calories are in thirty six joules?
How may joules make a hundred calories?
Convert nine hundred and thirty kilowatthours to megajoules.
How many coulombic units make one ampere hour?
Convert six hundred and forty seven joules to calories.
Convert three hundred and thirty nine angstrom to nanometers.
convert three Curie to megabecquerel.
What is twenty five point eight units of roentegen worth of exposure to gamma rays in terms of coulombs per kilogram?
Convert forty quarts to liters
How many pints of beer will I get from three barrels?
How many gallons of water will three hundred barrels provide?
How many acres of tillable land will I have if I clear a four hundred square foot patch in the forest?
I am one point seven meters tall. What is my height in feet?
I've put on twenty pounds! How much is that in kilograms?
I want to buy half an ounce of flour but my only cup measures in grams. How many grams of flour would make an ounce?
My height is 5 feet and eight inches. Convert that to meters and tell me the answer.
How many gallons of water will be needed to fill a circular pond of twenty nine cubic feet?
How many kilopascals are equivalent to an inch of mercury in terms of pressure?
How do I convert thirty standard atmospheric units of pressure to kilopascals?
Convert one hundred and forty newtons of force into poundals.
Convert seventy pounds of sugar into kilograms.
How many kilograms will a bushel of wheat weigh?
How many millimeters will I have to grow this summer to be three inches taller next fall?
How many barrels of oil could be transported in a container with seven hundred cubic meters of storage space?
How many yards away is my grandma's house, if she said she lives two hundred meters away from us?
What is the equivalent of seven hundred standard miles in nautical miles?
How many nautical miles make one light year?
I weigh eighty three kilograms. Tell me, how do I express that in pounds?
How many radians is an arc of twenty nine degrees equivalent to?
My scientific thermometer reads three hundred Kelvin. How much is that in Fahrenheit?
The thermostat reads a room temperature of thirty two point two degrees Celsius. How much is that in Fahrenheit?
