Will it be sunny today?
Is it raining in Queens?
What is the weather like in South Africa this time of the year?
Is it sunny in Philadelphia?
Could we possibly have a hailstorm today?
Will we have snow today?
Will there be snowfall by tomorrow?
How much rainfall have we had today?
What is the temperature outside?
How hot is it in Bangalore today?
Will it be cloudy next Tuesday?
Could you tell me what the weather is like in Dubai right now?
Will tomorrow be a balmy day?
What will Sunday's weather be like?
Is today going to be a wet day?
Was yesterday a cloudy day?
Will tomorrow be a sunny day?
WHat's the weather like in Alaska?
Should I carry an umbrella today?
Is it good day to have a picnic?
Should I send the kids out to play this evening?
It's so hot today. Think it'll rain?
We're considering an outdoor wedding. Any chances of rain?
Shall we hold the lunch outdoors, or would it be too hot out?
Should I wear a sweater to school today?
Is it warm enough to go out for a walk?
Is it too cold to go out for a swim?
Is it cold enough to go ice skating at the lake yet?
Is it good weather for skiing in Switzerland right now?
What is the temperature at the top of Mt. Everest?
Will there be a storm tonight
Dark clouds loom. Will it rain today?
My umbrella broke. Think I can get by without one for the rest of the season?
Will I be able to build a snowman tomorrow?
What's the hottest place on the planet?
What is the coldest place on the planet?
Can you tell me the highest temperature ever recorded in history?
What's the temperature like in the Thar Desert?
Is it too cold to take the dog out for a walk?
Is it too hot to leave my dog in the car for a bit?
What's the weather like in Japan this time of the year?
Will we have a scarcity of water this year too?
What's the highest amount of rainfall ever recorded in London?
Is it always sunny in Spain?
I see leaves turning brown. Is it fall yet?
I think it's getting warmer. Is spring here yet?
I see swallows. Is spring break here already?
Am I imagining it or are we having a warmer winter than usual this year?
Phew. It's hot. What's the temperature outside?
Will it rain enough to cause floods this year?
How will the rains be this year?
What place has the highest rainfall in the world?
There hasn't been much rain this year. Think there'll be a drought this year?
Will the sky be clear enough to fly my drone today?
Is the weather suitable to go kite flying?
Will the sky be clear enough to see the stars tonight?
Is it a good night to go stargazing?
Is it hot enough to fry an egg on the hood of my car ?
Is it gonna be too windy to hang the clothes out to dry?
Will it be too windy to go kite flying tomorrow?
Will I see a rainbow tomorrow?
Is it a good day to go down to the beach?
Is it a good day for a hike?
Is it a good day for a walk?
Is it a good day for a trek?
Can today's flight expect turbulence?
Is the weather suitable for sailing today?
Which way does the wind blow today?
How many centimeters of rainfall can we expect today
Will we have a white Christmas?
